improve description (#38845)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/inline-size/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`inline-size`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property defines the size of an element's block, depending on its writing mode. If the {{cssxref("writing-mode")}} is horizonal-tb or horizonal-bt it corresponds to the {{cssxref("width")}} if the writing mode vertical-lr or vertical-rl it corresponds to the {{cssxref("height")}} property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`inline-size`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property defines the size of an element's block, and whether it's the horizontal or vertical size depending on its writing mode. If the {{cssxref("writing-mode")}} is horizontal, it corresponds to the {{cssxref("width")}}; if the writing mode is vertical, it corresponds to the {{cssxref("height")}}. A related property is {{cssxref("block-size")}}, which defines the other dimension of the element.
```
